<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<meta name="generator" content="HTML Tidy for Linux (vers 6 November 2007), see www.w3.org" />
<title>Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs</title>
</head>
<body>
<div>
<div>
<div><!-- chapter: + Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs  -->
<!-- chapter: + Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs  -->
<pre>
[Go to first, previous, next page; contents; index]


This book is one of a series of texts written by faculty of the Electrical Engineering and Computer
Science Department at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It was edited and produced by The
MIT Press under a joint production-distribution arrangement with the McGraw-Hill Book Company.

Ordering Information:

North America
Text orders should be addressed to the McGraw-Hill Book Company.
All other orders should be addressed to The MIT Press.

Outside North America
All orders should be addressed to The MIT Press or its local distributor.

© 1996 by The Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Second edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or
mechanical means (including photocopying, recording, or information storage and retrieval) without
permission in writing from the publisher.

This book was set by the authors using the LATEX typesetting system and was printed and bound in the
United States of America.

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data

Abelson, Harold
   Structure and interpretation of computer programs / Harold Abelson
and Gerald Jay Sussman, with Julie Sussman. -- 2nd ed.
   p. cm. -- (Electrical engineering and computer science
series)
   Includes bibliographical references and index.
   ISBN 0-262-01153-0 (MIT Press hardcover)
   ISBN 0-262-51087-1 (MIT Press paperback)
   ISBN 0-07-000484-6 (McGraw-Hill hardcover)
   1. Electronic digital computers -- Programming. 2. LISP (Computer
program language) I. Sussman, Gerald Jay. II. Sussman, Julie.
III. Title. IV. Series: MIT electrical engineering and computer
science series.
QA76.6.A255           1996
005.13'3 -- dc20           96-17756

Fourth printing, 1999
</pre>
<pre>
[Go to first, previous, next page; contents; index]
</pre></div>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
